docs: add contributing guidelines for Clack (#277)
bombshell-dev/clack: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Debugging Tips

When encountering issues during development:

1. **Check for errors in the console** - Clack will often output helpful error messages
2. **Review the API documentation** - Ensure you're using components and functions as intended
3. **Look at existing examples** - See how similar features are implemented
4. **Inspect the packages individually** - Sometimes issues are isolated to either `core` or `prompts`

## Pull Request Process

1. **Commit your changes**:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "feat: add new awesome feature"
   ```

2. **Push to your fork**:
   ```bash
   git push origin my-feature-branch
   ```

3. **Create a pull request**:
   - Go to your fork on GitHub
   - Click "New pull request"
   - Select your branch and add a descriptive title
   - Fill in the PR template with details about your changes
   - Reference any related issues

4. **Wait for the automated checks**:
   - GitHub Actions will run tests, type checking, and lint validation
   - Fix any issues that arise

5. **Address review feedback**:
   - Make requested changes
   - Push additional commits to your branch
   - The PR will update automatically

### PR Previews

> If you want to create a preview build of your PR for others to test, add the label `pr preview` to your PR. This will trigger a workflow that builds a preview version and adds instructions for installation as a comment on your PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clack uses [pkg.pr.new](https://pkg.pr.new) (provided by [bolt.new](https://bolt.new)) to create continuous preview releases of all PRs. This simplifies testing and makes verifying bug fixes easier for our dependents. 

The workflow that builds a preview version and adds instructions for installation as a comment on your PR should run automatically if you have contributed to Clack before. First-time contributors may need to wait until a maintainer manually approves GitHub Actions running on your PR.
```

Author: I adapted this from astro's CONTRIBUTING.md [file](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

- **Feature Request**: A suggestion for new functionality
- **Documentation Issue**: Improvements or corrections to documentation
- **Performance Issue**: Problems with speed or resource usage

## Style Guide

We use [Biome](https://biomejs.dev/) for linting and formatting. Your code should follow these standards:

```bash
# To check formatting
pnpm format

# To lint and fix issues automatically where possible
pnpm lint
```

The project follows standard TypeScript practices. If you're new to TypeScript:
- Use precise types whenever possible
- Avoid `any` unless absolutely necessary
- Look at existing code for patterns to follow

### Commit Message Format

We follow conventional commits for commit messages:

- `feat:` - A new feature
- `fix:` - A bug fix
- `docs:` - Documentation changes
- `style:` - Changes that don't affect code functionality (formatting, etc)
- `refactor:` - Code changes that neither fix bugs nor add features
- `perf:` - Performance improvements
- `test:` - Adding or correcting tests
- `chore:` - Changes to the build process, tools, etc

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the project's MIT License.

> Thank you for taking the time to contribute to Clack! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for taking the time to contribute to Clack! Feel free to join our community Discord at [bomb.sh/chat](https://bomb.sh/chat). It's a great place to connect with other project contributors—we're chill!
```
